Configuration: add "Global profile configuration" (#155)
Behat/docs: user_guide/configuration.rst

This allows configuration files listed in the ``imports`` key to override configuration values for previously listed files.

Global profile configuration
----------------------------

You can set some global configuration in your profile configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

    # behat.yml
    default:

>         config: # these are the default value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        config: # these are the default values
```

            stop_on_failure: false 
            strict: false

Combining the fact that you can override the default profile, you can change the configuration per profile:

.. code-block:: yaml

    # behat.yml
    default:
        config:
            stop_on_failure: true
            strict: false

    ci:
        config:
            stop_on_failure: false
            strict: true

> This way, behat will stop on default environment and won't be strict, but will not stop and will be strict on CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, with the default profile behat will stop on failure and won't be strict, but will not stop and will be strict if the CI profile is selected.
```

You can force `--stop-on-failure` and `--strict` via CLI options to override configuration values.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think you should remove this extra blank line
